c:\users\caglar.durmus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\Northwind.Business.dll
c:\users\caglar.durmus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\Northwind.Business.pdb
c:\users\caglar.durmus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\Northwind.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\caglar.durmus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\Northwind.Entities.dll
c:\users\caglar.durmus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\caglar.durmus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\Northwind.DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\caglar.durmus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\Northwind.DataAccess.dll.config
c:\users\caglar.durmus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\Northwind.Entities.pdb
c:\users\caglar.durmus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\caglar.durmus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\obj\Debug\Northwind.Business.dll
c:\users\caglar.durmus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\obj\Debug\Northwind.Business.pdb
C:\Users\caglar.durmus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\Northwind.Business.dll.config
C:\Users\caglar.durmus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\caglar.durmus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.dll
C:\Users\caglar.durmus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
C:\Users\caglar.durmus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\caglar.durmus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\caglar.durmus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.xml
C:\Users\caglar.durmus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
C:\Users\caglar.durmus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\caglar.durmus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\caglar.durmus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\obj\Debug\Northwind.Business.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\caglar.durmus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\obj\Debug\Northwind.Business.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\caglar.durmus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NLayeredAppDemo\Northwind.Business\obj\Debug\Northwind.Business.csproj.CopyComplete
